Add WSL2 recommended configuration to local setup documentation (#1839)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/building/local-setup.md

CHT app development can be done on Linux, macOS, or Windows (using the [Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL2)](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install)).

> > **Recommended WSL2 configuration**:  
> > To ensure smooth performance when running CHT locally on Windows, it's recommended to configure your WSL2 environment with enough resources.  
> > Add the following to your `.wslconfig` file (typically located at `C:\Users\<YourUser>\.wslconfig`):
> >
> > ```
> > [wsl2]
> > memory=8GB
> > processors=10
> > swap=512MB
> > localhostForwarding=true
> > ```
> 

Reviewer: We can clean this up a bit to be more concise. As well, `processors`, `localhostForwarding` and `swap` already have sane [defaults](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/wsl-config#main-wsl-settings)  so I think leaving them undefined is best and least invasive.

Finally, we can normalize the format to be in line with the rest of our docs:

``````suggestion
> **WSL2 configuration**:  
For Windows users,  configure WSL2 to use more memory so the CHT has enough RAM by adding the below values to `.wslconfig` file. This is typically located at `C:\Users\<YourUser>\.wslconfig`:

```
[wsl2]
memory=8GB
```

See the [WSL Settings docs](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/wsl-config#main-wsl-settings) for more information.
``````

Author: Thanks for the feedback! I’ll clean up the config to remove the redundant fields and match the formatting style used across the docs.
